Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to call this function card of the product.
Okay.
Well, before then, I think we have to use this variable.
I'll probably already have.
It's in yours.
Okay, so there's going to be dialogue you have to have.
Right.
Dollar General.
Okay.
Contract to save.
Now, what you're going to need to do is to call that function.
Okay, to call that function.
We are going to need to go to the upload screen.
Okay, upload screen and now we can use control and B now the first step is to have access to that function.
Right?
I know that's how I persisted.
That function.
We need to have access to that class.
So what we can do is we can initialize it over here so we can say find our upload what's for docs controller.
Okay.
And we can see the variable name is going to be upload for that controller and is going to be core to
upload for that.
I think you've seen this before, right, of the product controller and nobody can add a semicolon.
So we just have to take this.
Okay.
Now the next thing is to have access to it's already available.
We can just do that over here so we can as well create a function called upload for that.
This is going to be similar to that of the signup you sent us before.
Okay.
The reason.
Yeah.
Wait, so we need to use the async and now we can call that function code.
We can just go ahead and see how it is going to take some time and we can.
Call that function now.
So that's variable.
Upload.
What's.
Of you'd.
Good controller.
Can't.
To learn that words.
The dart.
Dart, of course, is asking for this values rights ready created fields.
Right.
So he's asking for the values.
So this is going to be what?
Sorry, get rid of.
This is going to be underscored for docs.
Hi to.
This product types to think.
Yeah.
The Church.
Tests.
Okay.
Now that you have access to the value.
And.
I think so.
I'm just going to do this.
Okay for the tie to this core product.
Try to.
Controller.
Then start.
Test.
Okay.
Now, as I told you, it's going to be something similar.
I think we have that.
Okay.
The tests.
We're just going to check what we called that.
Okay.
On transit to coffee and.
Is this okay?
Okay.
That's all it is going to be the same ten for the ID.
So what we can do is we can paste this and then see the test.
Okay.
Now we don't yet have for the price and products category name and order.
So what we can do is we can create the controllers in that to get those fields.
Okay.
So we can just do this quickly over here.
So it is going to be fine and test at it's in.
Test it.
It's a controller on this call price.
You can just it for that price.
Controller is required to test and detain.
Test at its end.
Controller.
So what we can just do is we can copy this and paste.
This is going to be words, description.
Controller.
This.
Shun contract.
Okay.
And this is going to be what's.
Quantity.
On.
Korn.
See C controller.
Okay.
And.
This is going to reward.
We have heard.
Okay.
I think there's is going to be what we I just want check this out first of all let's just bind each
to the values.
So this is squad's prize ready for the tie two.
So way we can see a controller and a prize controller.
Okay.
And.
And and.
And and and and.
Okay.
I think we're ready for the category as well.
Sue Valley.
So why is this level of control another score category?
Category.
I think, okay, we don't have anything like that.
We can just say category controller.
They say we're going to create it.
Okay.
And.
Controller on this court's discretion.
Description controller Kay and over year.
Controller and underscore client.
G g controller.
Okay.
I think that should be asked.
What we can do is to create that for we don't yet add for our for the category.
So this is going to be on this category controller.
Okay.
You can see the is gone.
Okay, great.
Now you're going to use this as the values to those fields.
Okay.
So we can just click on this.
I was asking for the prize so this could be what others call prize.
Controller.
The tests.
Okay.
And for the category name we call this category controller.
And to get it, you just have to see the test and.
For the discussion as well.
So on this score.
On this car description.
Description.
Controller and evaluate the test.
Okay.
For the quantity and underscore quantity.
On city comptroller.
The tests.
So we need a common view and.
Tests.
Okay.
Now for the image of El Red, you have the global viable rights.
You know, all the doors probably you can just go back to those lectures.
Okay.
We can have this.
This is basically it.
Okay.
This basically is.
Now, we gonna need to call this function.
What?
I can just disease control an F and to search for that upload.
Okay, there's a two way.
You probably don't have this in yours, so you can just get rid of this in this and call that upload.
Upload what products?
Okay.
We can just get rid of the parenthesis, additional comma, and now you can.
Let's just start this.
Okay.
But she starts in and.
Now all we can do before then is we can just get rid of the products.
You can just delete this collection since we don't have it is automatically going to create it.
So products really don't need to delete it though.
Okay.
But we can't just delete it.
Deleted.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
What are we going to do now and.
Okay, now we need to try this out.
Right?
Okay.
Now we don't have any products and we can upload.
For the gallery.
I'm going to pick this.
Okay.
Now you're ignore those control are those.
So we can't just say go see.
And for the price we can get someone to say it's $40.
And for the category, this is going to be close and you can see best selling clothes.
Okay.
For the quantity.
There are certain quotas for the quantity.
We can just say we have two of the scores of four probably.
Okay.
Now click on upload and that's good check out seminar if we got any error.
I think it has been loaded.
We can just come to this and go back to this and that's that's what's got a refresh occur.
You can see it over here.
Okay.
This is basically it's like you can see it's way easier to do this since you have a knowledge.
You can see they're still closed out as a section we had at the time, too.
Yeah.
It's I'd sit on the.
The tides and the height is the same.
The hemisphere of hell.
The prize.
The product's category name is close.
Now we are not going to see this and the whole screen.
Right.
Because we have an error, actually.
You can see the reason for this area is because it's trying to say this is not a string.
Of our year.
Okay, so what we can just do for the now, we can just get rid of this.
And just say 40.
It spent a double so we can say 42 zero.
It had it true cover.
Okay.
Now, what is saying this is I spit in this drink, right?
And okay, now all we can just do is you're going to need to go to the.
What's the controller's dietary?
Quite close and over a year.
Over here, you can see we are specifying that it must be a string and somehow it is fit in number because
in the models we also specify that what it is is going to be a double.
You can sit over here.
You can see why I said the quantity is going to be ain't and this price is going to be double.
So what we can do is so over the controls that I try.
Controllers.
So what we can do.
We can use too far to say it can be any type of variable.
Okay.
And over the quantity we can as well use the var.
Now let's go back to.
This.
Okay.
Rise and 40.
That's zero.
We still have an error.
Okay.
Now all we can do is.
We can.
Okay.
Sorry.
Not in the order, but in the projects.
Okay.
Sorry.
So there's going to be 40 to 0, right?
And additional comma and where we can just.
54.
Now, you're going to sort out this later.
Okay.
I think we need this and this.
Now let's are three this.
Okay.
You can see we are having the error before.
But it is going to go off.
Shut me.
Okay.
Now let's check.
We don't have an error, actually.
Okay.
You can see the products we just uploaded and go check this.
You can see the here and.
Check this.
You can see no products because we have we specified when uploading it.
Okay.
So this is basically it.
Right.
I think this is very easy.
Okay.
So over here for the now, we got just using 40 to 0 as the double type of price.
And I would just say quantities 50.
We are going to sort out this later.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you.
And in this lecture.